now that we've completed the creation of
our nft
it is time for us to get ready to sell
it and over here on the overview page of
our asset we can see that we have an
edit and a cell button where we can edit
the nft and we can list it to sell
and so when we go to the sale page right
where we're going to put it up for sale
we have the option between putting it up
for a fixed price or putting it up for
an auction
and putting it up for an auction just
says that you put in a starting price
and then over seven days
you can bid
and so
we're gonna do it for a fixed price and
we're gonna select 0.19 ethereum
which is 800 dollars
once we hit complete listing
we are going to get prompted to
initialize our wallet
and over here you can see that the gas
fees are estimated to be
0.00
eth
right
and so with that we're spending 259
dollars
to
initialize our wallet so this is the
very very first time we're selling on
openc and because it's the very first
time that we are selling on openc we
need to initialize our wallet we need to
get set up for the first time in order
to
be able to sell on openc as an account
you only do this once the very first
time that you list something and then
it's good to go
so we'll hit confirm here
and then once we confirm
it should be able to go through
so make sure that you have ethereum in
your wallet
and then we'll go to ether scan and over
here you can see that the transaction
has not yet been processed so once the
transaction has been processed
that's when
it will go through so there's one
transaction in the queue
for openc
we have 0.2 eth on our account
and so we're just waiting for this one
to go through
now we do have the option to press speed
up which speed up would basically it
would cost us more ethereum to put it
on the network
faster and
with that it would just process faster
for the initialization of the wallet if
we just wait as is
we just have to wait until
this basically goes through
right and so
so right now it's an appending state
so the transaction has started it's an
appending state and the estimated
confirmation duration is approximately
45 seconds
so
we're sending from to
zero ether and we're just paying the gas
fee so the max fee is 292 dollars or
0.06 eth
so once this
transaction has completed we will have
initialized our wallet
and as you can see as you refresh the
estimated confirmation duration keeps
changing and this is because ethereum
prioritizes
what happens on ethereum based on the
amount of gas you're willing to pay
we're keeping it at a low amount 0.06
so we're not trying to push this to go
as fast as possible but that also means
that our transaction could be queued up
for a long time
and here you can see there's a signature
request coming in
from openc which means
the initialization of our wallet has
occurred
and at this point the items approved for
sale
and once we hit sign
we have now confirmed our listing
and we can view our item and it is now
for sale
right
and so how much did we end up paying
well you can see here i went down from
0.2 to 0.15
ethereum so it cost us about
approximately 0.05 ethereum
to get the transaction through to
initialize our wall and that's something
you have to take into account listing on
openc comes with a one-time
initialization fee
now that
our
biker is up we can cancel the listing we
can lower the price we can still edit it
right so
all of that to say that
we now have successfully listed
our nft on openc and successfully
created a digital non-fungible asset
that is being sold for this price isn't
that amazing